fix some code explanations and minor issues (#668)
mlr-org/mlr3book: book/chapters/chapter3/evaluation_and_benchmarking.qmd

# 3-fold CV
cv3 = rsmp("cv", folds = 3)
# Bootstrapping with 3 repeats and 9/10 ratio

> boot390 = rsmp("bootstrap", repeats = 3, ratio = 0.9)

Reviewer: is this used again ?

### Resampling Experiments {#sec-resampling-exec}

The `r ref("resample()", aside = TRUE)` function takes a given `Task`, `Learner`, and `r ref("Resampling")` object to run the given resampling strategy.
`resample()` repeatedly fits a model on training sets, makes predictions on the corresponding test sets and stores them in a `r ref("ResampleResult", aside = TRUE)` object, which contains all the information needed to estimate the generalization performance.

```{r performance-013}
rr = resample(tsk_penguins, lrn_rpart, cv3)

> as.data.table(rr)[, .(iteration, prediction)]

Reviewer: I think Bernd might have wanted full output here
```suggestion
as.data.table(rr)
```

Reviewer: (but I agree it's inconsistent)

```{r performance-017}
#| echo: false
#| label: fig-score-aggregate-resampling
#| fig-cap: "An example of the difference between `$score()` and `$aggregate()`: The former aggregates predictions to a single score within each resampling iteration, and the latter aggregates scores across all resampling iterations"
#| fig-alt: "A funnel-shaped diagram. Left: Each resampling iteration contains multiple rows of predictions, with 3 iterations total. Middle: $score() reduces those to one performance score per resampling iteration, which leaves 3 scores. Right: $aggregate() reduces predictions across all resampling iterations to a single performance score."
include_multi_graphics("mlr3book_figures-5")
```

> To visualize the resampling results, you can use the `r ref("mlr3viz::autoplot.ResampleResult()")` function to plot scores across folds as boxplots (@fig-resamp-viz-1) or histograms (@fig-resamp-viz-2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To visualize the resampling results, you can use the `r ref("mlr3viz::autoplot.ResampleResult()")` function to plot scores across folds as boxplots or histograms (@fig-resamp-viz).
```

Inconsitent with rest of book, just ref main fig

Sometimes it is necessary to perform resampling with custom splits, e.g., to reproduce results reported in a study with pre-defined folds.

A custom holdout resampling strategy can be constructed using `rsmp("custom")`, where the row indices of the observations used for training and testing must be defined manually when instantiated in a task.

> In the example below, we first construct a custom holdout resampling strategy by manually assigning row indices to the `$train` and `$test` fields, then construct a repeated resampling strategy by passing row indices as list elements:

Reviewer: is it repeated?

tsk_small = tsk("penguins")$filter(c(1, 100, 200, 300))
rsmp_customcv = rsmp("custom_cv")
folds = as.factor(c(1, 2, 1, 2))

> rsmp_customcv$instantiate(tsk_small, f = folds)

Reviewer: Pretty sure Lars added this, you sure we don't need it?

resample(tsk_small, lrn_rpart, rsmp_customcv)$predictions()
```

### Stratification and Grouping {#sec-strat-group}

{{< include ../../common/_optional.qmd >}}

Using column roles (@sec-row-col-roles), it is possible to group or stratify observations according to a particular column in the data.
We will look at each of these in turn.

#### `r index('Grouped Resampling')` {.unlisted .unnumbered}

Keeping observations together when the data is split can be useful, and sometimes essential, during resampling -- spatial analysis (@sec-spatiotemporal) is a prominent example of when this is essential, as observations belong to natural groups (e.g., countries).
When observations belong to groups, we need to ensure all observations of the same group belong to *either* the training set *or* the test set to prevent potential leakage of information between training and testing.
For example, in a longitudinal study, measurements are taken from the same individual at multiple time points.

> If we don't do this, we might overestimate the model's generalization capability to unseen individuals, because observations of the same individuals might simultaneously be in the train and test set.

Reviewer: This doesn't make sense if you remove the other line, which says why we use grouping

```

Unlike grouping, it is possible to stratify by multiple discrete features using the `"stratum"` column role.

> In this case, a stratum would be formed out of each combination of the stratified features, e.g., for two stratified features A and B with levels Aa, Ab, Ba, Bb respectively then the created stratum would be AaBa, AaBb, AbBa, AbBb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, strata would be formed out of each combination of the stratified features, e.g., for two stratified features A and B with levels Aa, Ab, Ba, Bb respectively then the created stratum would be AaBa, AaBb, AbBa, AbBb.
```

Benchmarking in supervised machine learning refers to the comparison of different learners on one or more tasks.
When comparing *multiple learners on a single task* or on a domain consisting of multiple similar tasks, the main aim is often to rank the learners according to a pre-defined performance measure and to identify the best-performing learner for the considered task or domain.
When comparing *multiple learners on multiple tasks*, the main aim is often more of a scientific nature, e.g., to gain insights into how different learners perform in different data situations or whether there are certain data properties that heavily affect the performance of certain learners (or certain hyperparameters of learners).

> It is common (and good) practice for algorithm designers to analyze the generalization performance or runtime of a newly proposed learning algorithm in a benchmark study where it is being compared with existing learners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is common (and good) practice for algorithm designers to analyze the generalization performance or runtime of a newly proposed learning algorithm in comparison to existing learners in a `r index("benchmark experiment")`.
```

rr2
```

> In addition, there is also the `r ref('as_benchmark_result()')` function, which can be used to convert objects from `ResampleResult` to `BenchmarkResult`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, `r ref('as_benchmark_result()')` can be used to convert objects from `ResampleResult` to `BenchmarkResult`.
```

#| fig-height: 5
#| fig-width: 6
#| label: fig-benchmark-box

> #| fig-cap: 'Boxplots of accuracy scores for each learner across resampling iterations and the three tasks. Random forests (`lrn("classif.ranger")`) consistently outperform the other learners.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#| fig-cap: 'Boxplots of accuracy scores for each learner across resampling iterations and the three tasks. Random forests (`lrn("classif.ranger")`) consistently outperforms the other learners.'
```

We now have a better idea of the random forest predictions on `tsk("german_credit")`, in particular, the false positive rate is quite high.
It is generally difficult to achieve a high TPR and low FPR simultaneously because there is often a trade-off between the two rates.

> When a binary classifier predicts probabilities instead of discrete classes (`predict_type = "prob"`), we could set a threshold to cut off the probabilities to change how we assign observations to the positive/negative class (see @sec-classif-prediction).

Reviewer: why the change?
